[RISYA]
Salinger the Transcendent.
The Sovereignty's demon,
imprisoned 30 years ago.
That's how the Emperor
described you to me, but...
You look a lot younger
than I expected.
Are you really him?
You've got some nerve,
speaking to me so casually.
Does your confidence
come from knowing
you have the emperor's support?
No, not at all!
[SALINGER] I must say,
you're a pleasant surprise.
I'm curious, though:
how did you manage to get in?
[RISYA]
It was nothing, really.
I have Sovereignty citizenship
precisely for
situations like this.
Anyway, I won't beat
around the bush.
I'm here to help you
escape from this place.
The Empire is on
the cusp of launching
a large‐scale invasion
of the Sovereignty.
We thought we might
benefit from your help.
[SALINGER]
Your objective?
[RISYA] The current queen,
Millavair Lou Nebulis
the Eighth, is our target.
She captured you when
you fought against
the previous queen and
locked you away, no?
[SALINGER] You want me to seek
revenge to suit your ends?
How dull.
That being said...
I have grown a bit tired
of living underground.
[RISYA]
Good.
[SALINGER]
I suppose I'll transcend.
Into something more than a king.
[ALICE]
You can't sleep either?
You must feel uneasy here.
After all, you are
in hostile territory.
[ISKA]
No. Looks peaceful.
I was just admiring the view.
Indeed.
But things aren't always
what they seem.
It may look tranquil,
but most of those buildings
hold violent criminals.
Dangerous astral
mages, you mean?
No.
Not all of the prisoners here
have powerful astral spirits.
Though there is one of note.
[ISKA]
Who is that?
[ALICE] See that huge,
foreboding structure there?
That's the Ollelugan
Prison Tower.
It's the highest security
facility in the Province,
and on its deepest level,
this nation's worst offender
is imprisoned.
His name is Salinger the Demon.
Huh. You call him that
'cause he's a criminal?
[ALICE]
What do you mean?
"Demon." That term is just so...
[ALICE] I don't like that term,
either, but those are the rules.
He called himself
"The Transcendent."
And then he attacked the queen.
The traitor earned the
"demon" moniker due to his
subversion against our nation.
Oh, dear.
I've said far too much.
You had better not
tell Rin about this.
If she finds out I told
you the Salinger story,
‐‐I'm done for‐‐
‐‐[RIN] Lady Alice.
[ALICE yelps]
Why in the world did
you yelp like that?
Really, you must remember
that you are royalty, ma'am.
Did something happen?
Why're you up?
The Empire may've infiltrated.
Someone's crossed the border.
[ALICE]
What? But how?
Hey, don't look at me.
My hands are bound.
There's no way
I could've done it.
And besides.
I've had my eyes on him.
With the exception
of the Central Province,
suspicious groups have been
reported across the land.
There's a high likelihood it's
the Empire's covert force.
A warning's been issued
to our military.
To be clear,
that includes this province.
[alarm blaring]
Have we been spotted?
No, if we triggered this alarm,
it would've gone off
when we stepped in.
[MISMIS]
Could it be Risya, then?
Hush! Be quiet, you two,
I hear footsteps!
The guards?
No, the prison's emergency
response team.
Their gear looks
like our army's.
I bet they're outfitted to
handle astral mage prisoners.
Right.
I think it's safe to assume
nobody's after us.
Risya could be in trouble!
This is bad!
We have to help her!
[GROUP gasps]
[NENE]
What's happening?
[JHIN]
I'd wager nothing good!
[phone rings]
[RISYA]
Ah, hi there.
Hey, Mismis, you doing okay?
It's Risya!
[RISYA]
Sounds like you're safe!
That's a relief.
Anyway, did you guys hear
all that racket just now?
A wall got blown out
to gain underground access,
and then an earth
astral spirit blasted
an enormous hole
in the ceiling, too!
I mean, wow!
Astral arts are incredible!
[MISMIS]
Hold on a second, Risya!
Did you find out
anything about Iska?
Ah, right. Sorry about that.
Apparently, Iska isn't here.
But I did find a big,
bad demon who went on a rampage,
causing major
chaos and confusion.
Whoopsie!
Uh, well, okay.
[RISYA] I guess what I should
say is, "everyone retreat!"
And also, do your best
not to get captured
by the prison guards!
What is wrong with her?
Complain later. Let's go.
Jhin, do you think she
may have used us as bait?
No point in speculating.
Our real problem is them.
‐‐[CERTS] Yes, sir.
‐‐[CERT A] Unit C, go left.
[CERTS]
Yes, sir.
[JHIN]
It seems we're trapped.
Dammit!
If only she'd contacted us
two minutes sooner!
Well, that can't be good.
Agreed.
Yes. Understood.
My Lady, there's been
an explosion at the tower.
The blast created a giant hole
in the ground at the site.
Apparently, there's a massive
amount of destruction
and debris. It's bad.
The guards have reported
they heard a loud roar
from an underground level.
They're guessing it came from
Salinger the Demon's cell.
It can't be!
Yes.
We're currently trying
to reach the emergency
response team there.
We must act, Rin!
If that demon escapes,
he'll go after Mother's
astral spirit!
Is that even possible?
I'll head that way.
[RIN]
But Lady Alice! He's dangerous!
Who else is there
that could stop him?
Rin, go, now.
Prepare our vehicle
to leave at once.
Yes, understood.
[ALICE sighs]
So, as you heard,
I'll be heading out
to the prison tower now.
And since I'm an
Imperial Soldier,
you can't share the details.
Right.
You're our enemy, after all.
And yet, if I could tell
you I would feel a whole
lot better, y'know?
Hey, Iska?
If I were to ask for your help,
hypothetically,
would you be inclined
to accept my request?
Never mind.
I'm going to get changed.
Oh, yes,
since I have the chance...
You may think it gauche
of me to present this to you
while you're in our captivity.
But I had to do it when
Rin wasn't around.
I would give back your old one,
but I'm afraid I ruined it.
I'm sorry it had to be replaced.
If you don't like this one,
just leave it behind.
That said,
I hope you do like it and accept
it with my warm regard.
Goodbye, Iska.
[ISKA]
What the heck?
There's no way we can
take these guys head‐on.
I need you both to stay here.
I'll go out and
attract their attention.
As soon as they
let their guards down,
take them out in a single sweep.
Got that?
Wait! You should take them out!
You're way better
at that than me, Jhin.
Makes more sense
for me to be bait.
[JHIN]
No offense, but...
I honestly think I'd be better
at grabbing their attention
than you.
[NENE]
Well, I disagree.
[MISMIS]
We're wasting time. I'll do it.
I mean, I am a witch right now.
[NENE]
Captain.
But Boss. You can't.
A bunch of witches are being
held captive in this prison,
aren't they?
Here goes!
Ha! I've finally broken free!
[CERT A]
We've found an escapee!
[CERT F] Is this witch
responsible for the blast?
[CERT A] There's an astral
crest on her shoulder.
Everyone, in position!
[MISMIS] Don't move!
I'll take you all out!
My astral spirit is
incredibly powerful!
I will end every
one of you at once!
[CERT A] We'll show no mercy
to an escapee witch.
Under Article 19 of
the General Prison Law,
you'll be executed!
All units, advance!
This is something only I can do;
there's no turning back now!
[MISMIS gasps]
[MISMIS yelps]
I won't give them the
satisfaction of killing me!
[CERT E]
Over there!
They cut me off?
[MISMIS yelps]
[CERT A]
Give up. You're caught, escapee.
Ha. Or should I say,
failed escapee?
We could execute you here,
but if you tell us‐‐
[JHIN] You're s'posed to hit the
floor in situations like that.
That was the last
of them on this level.
Ah! Nene! I was so scared!
If you guys would've shown up
a few seconds later,
I might have been a goner!
[JHIN] I gotta admit, you were
actually helpful this time,
Boss.
You did good, for once.
I almost died, you know!
Anyway, we'd better
get out of here!
If we make it out of
this alive, then I say
we force Risya to treat us
to a nice barbecue dinner!
[NENE]
Does that include Iska?
[MISMIS]
Of course!
[alarm blaring]
What the heck is going on?
I could help if not for these!
[phone ringing]
Wait, that ringtone.
Sounds like...
[ISKA]
I knew it!
Alice had my phone on her.
Hello?
[MISMIS]
Uh... Iska?
Captain! It's me!
[MISMIS]
Thank goodness!
Jhin! Nene!
I finally got ahold of him!
[JHIN] Yeah, congrats,
now stop wasting time.
[MISMIS] Right.
What's your situation, Iska?
I'm not totally sure,
to be honest.
No one in my immediate area.
I'm being held in a hotel,
on the top floor, I think.
[MISMIS] That's good.
And the Ice Calamity Witch?
She took off to the
Ollelugan Prison Tower.
[MISMIS]
Ollelugan?
That's where we are
right now, actually.
Wait a sec, Captain!
Why is our unit there?
[MISMIS]
Jhin, Nene, I have bad news!
The Ice Calamity Witch
is headed our way!
[JHIN]
Give me that. Iska.
I'll explain later, but we're
within the Sovereignty,
and in a tight spot.
Just focus on finding us.
Roger that.
[JHIN] Okay.
Can you make your way outside?
[ISKA]
Unfortunately, probably not,
especially because
I'm in handcuffs.
[JHIN] Any way you can
break out of them?
[ISKA] Trust me, if I could
I'd be free now.
I mean, there's nothing
in here I could use;
they thought of everything.
Unless...
Would she?
Alice. I'm an idiot.
Why didn't I figure
it out sooner?
[ISKA] I'll be right there.
Don't worry.
[JHIN]
Iska?
Hey, Iska! What's wrong?
[ISKA] Jhin, stay where
you are if you can.
Help is on the way.
[RIN] Lady Alice,
we'll be arriving soon.
[ALICE]
Good. Let's do this.
Could that be Imperial forces?
They're aiming for us.
Get out!
[CERT G] The maximum‐security
cell in basement 11
has been destroyed!
We're assessing now.
We believe Salinger the
Demon may have escaped!
[CERT H]
Never mind that!
Where are the firefighters?
[CERT I]
Get the onlookers out of here!
Imperial soldiers
might be among them!
[RIN] If the Imperial Army did
indeed inflict this damage,
how did they get
across the border?
It seems they've outsmarted us.
Salinger's escape
isn't the only problem.
They've also caused mass chaos.
[ALICE]
They will regret it.
We'll resolve this one
problem at a time.
Contain the blaze.
[CERTS gasp]
Hold your fire!
Show some respect!
Don't you recognize who this is?
[CERT G]
Princess Aliceliese?
[CERT H]
Wait, what is she doing here?
As first in line to the throne,
I will now assume
full command on behalf
of Queen Nebulis.
All units, follow my orders,
and I will lead us safely
to victory!
[CERTS]
Ma'am!
[ALICE]
Rin.
[RIN]
I am ready.
Time's wasting.
It's dangerous, but I know
you can handle this.
Please take care.
You're our only hope
of stopping him.
I understand. I won't fail you.
The blaze isn't
from an astral spirit.
Could it be a firebomb?
[MISMIS]
Iska!
[NENE]
Captain! Nene! Jhin! Hey‐‐
[MISMIS cries]
I'm so relieved!
I'm sorry. If only I'd
been strong enough!
No. Not at all.
I am 100% to blame
for everything.
The fire is going to
get us if we don't hurry.
Let's go!
Wait, hold on, Jhin.
You two as well.
[NENE]
What is it?
[ISKA]
Captain, If you would.
May I have my astral swords?
[MISMIS]
Here you go.
[ISKA] Thank you.
I need about 15 minutes.
I want you to take these people,
get behind that big hotel,
and remain in place.
I'll meet you there!
Uh... What?
Iska, wait!
[RIN]
Salinger! Show yourself!
[SALINGER]
How disappointing.
I was expecting a warm welcome,
complete with cheers
and applause!
Instead, I get one measly
brown‐haired maid?
[RIN]
Salinger!
[SALINGER] Oh.
You may look like a maid,
but your form belies
that occupation.
You're more than just
a domestic servant.
[RIN] I won't explain
myself to a criminal!
A traitor! A dog.
A mage who attempted to
steal the beloved queen's
astral spirit!
For that you will die!
Steal it?
More like "collect" it.
Being thought of as thief is
downright offensive to me.
What?
[SALINGER] A king collects
taxes from his people, yes?
I'm not a thief.
I'm a mage king collecting
astral spirits as a form
of taxation.
Don't you see?
[RIN]
I only see a pretender.
[SALINGER] To be precise,
for now, I am merely a king.
Once I have amassed
all astral spirits,
I'll be something
far more powerful.
That's enough!
You're nothing but a common,
conniving reprobate
who stole countless
astral spirits and arts!
You won't transcend
the Nebulis blood,
because I'll not let you!
[SALINGER]
We'll see about that.
[RIN] I think I've heard
more than I can stand.
Now get ready.
Because you're going
back to your cell!
A wind element.
[SALINGER]
You're not half bad for a maid.
[RIN] Clod of earth,
pulverize this man.
Hammer his maddening
face into a pulp!
[SALINGER]
A Golem?
Ah, I see, so you're
an earth astral mage.
My, so fragile.
I will bury you.
I heard you like it underground.
[SALINGER] Sorry, but the
earth astral spirit I wield
is that of the purebreds.
Unfortunately for you,
your power is nothing
compared against mine.
So you admit it?
You stole from the royal family?
Salinger! How dare you?
If you lived forever,
you'd still never atone!
[SALINGER]
Stop barking, servant!
Just look at the
royal family now.
Born into extreme privilege,
they lack the strength of will
to elevate their astral spirits
and reach their true potentials.
How are they worthy rulers?
That is why I aspire to
reach heights they couldn't
even imagine.
Sing for me, pretty.
[SALINGER]
How boring.
This feels like torturing
a defenseless animal,
not fighting a worthy adversary.
You dare glower at me
in your condition?
I shall finish you.
What?
He slashed through
my invisible blast?
[RIN]
Imperial swordsman. You...
[ISKA]
I'll help, just this once.
This white‐haired guy.
He is Alice's enemy, right?